FIX improve error message when no samples are available in mutual information (#25192)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.3.rst

  :pr:`24935` by :user:`Seladus <seladus>`, :user:`Guillaume Lemaitre <glemaitre>`, and
  :user:`Dea María Léon <deamarialeon>`.

> - |Enhancement| Imporve error handling in :func:`feature_selection.mutual_info_classif` now
>   checks if instances are left after masking of unique labels. :pr:`25192` by :user:`makoeppel`.

Reviewer: Let's keep line <= 88
```suggestion
- |Enhancement| Improve error handling in :func:`feature_selection.mutual_info_classif`
  that now checks if instances are left after masking of unique labels.
  :pr:`25192` by :user:`makoeppel`.
```
